add new keyboard at6 (#17346)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/atset/at6/readme.md

# ATSET AT6

A special 6 key keyboard powered by QMK.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [ATSET](https://github.com/anubhavd7)
* Hardware Supported: ATmega32U4

> Hardware Availability: Interest Check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hardware Availability: Interest Check
```

# ATSET AT6

> *A SPECIAL 6 KEY KEYBOARD POWERED BY QMK.HAVING SPECIAL LAYER FEATURES WHICH CAN BE PROGRAMMED AS PER YOUR CONVENIENCE*
> 
> * Keyboard Maintainer: [ATSET](https://github.com/%anubhavd7%)
> * Hardware Supported: *The PCBs, ATMEGA 32u4*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A special 6 key keyboard powered by QMK.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [ATSET](https://github.com/anubhavd7)
* Hardware Supported: ATmega32U4
```
